README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DBCDK/log-tracer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DBCDK/log-tracer)
# log-tracer
Log-tracer will be a commandline-tool for developers who wants to extract logs from one or more container, application or node for a given period, log-level, specific application. A prerequisite is that all applications logs in a unified format and at the lowest log-level possible (without decreasing performance significantly) and forwards to a [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) topic. The upside is the user a typical dev ops person
* can compare and monitor logs without having to open a ssh tunnel to every relevant container or host.
* can extract logs retroactive in a different level than the default. (Think about it. Bug shows up in production. Retrieve all logs from relevant containers at i.e. debug level)
* manage for how long the log messages should be stored via Kafkas Retention hours



# usage
```bash
$ mvn install

$ java -jar target/log-tracer-0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar --hostname localhost --port 9092 --topic test

or via maven the build tool.

$ mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass='dk.dbc.kafka.LogTracerApp' -Dexec.arguments="--hostname=localhost,--port=9092,--topic=test"

 -?,--help             shows this message
 -dt,--time <arg>      The relevant timeperiod you want log data from
 -h,--hostname <arg>   The kafka host you want to connect to
 -p,--port <arg>        the port of the kafka host
 -t,--topic <arg>      The kafka topic you want to consume
```

# Log format
The JSON message format for all log-events
`{"timestamp":"2017-01-22T15:22:57.567824034+02:00","hostname":"mesos-node-7","app":"any-application-with-modern-logging","level":"DEBUG","env":"prod","msg":"the log message"}`

With no linebreaks.

Commit message:

usage updated with store functionality

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DBCDK/log-tracer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DBCDK/log-tracer)
# log-tracer
Log-tracer will be a commandline-tool for developers who wants to extract logs from one or more container, application or node for a given period, log-level, specific application. A prerequisite is that all applications logs in a unified format and at the lowest log-level possible (without decreasing performance significantly) and forwards to a [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) topic. The upside is the user a typical dev ops person
* can compare and monitor logs without having to open a ssh tunnel to every relevant container or host.
* can extract logs retroactive in a different level than the default. (Think about it. Bug shows up in production. Retrieve all logs from relevant containers at i.e. debug level)
* manage for how long the log messages should be stored via Kafkas Retention hours



# usage
```bash
$ mvn install

$ java -jar target/log-tracer-0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar --hostname localhost --port 9092 --topic test

or via maven the build tool.

$ mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass='dk.dbc.kafka.LogTracerApp' -Dexec.arguments="--hostname=localhost,--port=9092,--topic=test"

 -?,--help             Shows this usage message
 -dt,--time <arg>      Relevant time period you want data from
 -h,--hostname <arg>   Kafka host you want to connect to
 -p,--port <arg>       Port of the kafka host
 -s,--store <arg>      Store consumed record to a file
 -t,--topic <arg>      Kafka topic you want to consume

```

# Log format
The JSON message format for all log-events
`{"timestamp":"2017-01-22T15:22:57.567824034+02:00","hostname":"mesos-node-7","app":"any-application-with-modern-logging","level":"DEBUG","env":"prod","msg":"the log message"}`

With no linebreaks.
